1. Download this project from github as zip and extract it.

Important: 

Before running this Application you should run the following commands to install the gems eventmachine, em-ftpd, aws-s3:

gem install eventmachine
gem install em-ftpd
gem install aws-s3

2. Open the command prompt window Go to the directory where you unzipped the project.

3. Enter "em-ftpd config.rb" command.
  You will see the output as
	Starting ftp server on 0.0.0.0:9091

4. Now open new command prompt window in new tab.

5. Type "ftp localhost port-number" command.
	for example: ftp 127.0.0.1 9091
	you will see Connected to 127.0.0.1.

6. You will be asked username and password.You can get that one in users.txt.

7. After entering username and password you can use other functions using following commands: 

put file_name.extension (To Upload A File Into Remote Server)

get file_name.extension (To Download A File From Remote Server)

delete file_name.extension (To Delete A File From Remote Server)

size file_name.extension (To Get Size Of A File)

cd .. (To Goto Parent Directory Of Remote Server)

lcd .. (To Goto Parent Directory Of Local Server)

pwd (To See The Current Remote Directory)

lcd (To See The Current Local Directory)

cd /pathname (To Navigate To Other Directories Of Remote Server)

lcd /pathname (To Navigate To Other Directories Of Local Server)

dir (To List Remote Directory Contents)

ls (To List Remote Directory Contents)

Note: 

Run the following commands to install cucumber, vcr, rspec and webmock gems which are required for automated testing:

gem install cucumber 
gem install vcr 
gem install rspec 
gem install webmock

Cucumber Testing Instructions:

Three Support Files listed under Cucumber Testing:
* login.feature
* download.feature
* upload.feature

To Run Cucumber Tests:
1. Go to cucumber directory.
2. Run the following command: "cucumber features/testfilename"
	for example: cucumber features/login.feature
3. Edit the .feature and _steps.rb files and continue testing.

Rspec Testing Instructions:

Two spec test files Listed Under Rspec Testing:
* server_spec.rb
* connection_spec.rb

To Run Rspec Tests:
1. Run the following command: "rspec spec/testfilename:linenumber"
	for example: rspec spec/server_spec.rb:21
2. Edit the _spec.rb files and continue testing.
